Add readme content (#2)
echemdb/.github: profile/README.md

## Welcome to EchemDB

> With EchemDB we anticipate simplifying the process of finding specific 2D data in published figures and storing such data according to the [FAIR principles](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/). In this first phase we focus on [cyclic voltammograms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclic_voltammetry) recorded for single crystal electrodes in contact with a liquid electrolyte. Overall, EchemDB is an open-source project which is of equal interest for curious scientists, contributors, and developers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With EchemDB we anticipate simplifying the process of finding specific 2D data in published figures and storing such data according to the [FAIR principles](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/). In this first phase we focus on [cyclic voltammograms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclic_voltammetry) recorded for single crystal electrodes in contact with liquid electrolytes. Overall, EchemDB is an open-source project which is of equal interest for curious scientists, contributors, and developers. 
```
